Add component docs (#181)
enhance-dev/enhance.dev: app/docs/md/conventions/structure.md

</doc-callout>

## Components

> The components folder is where you keep your single file web components. These components are rendered server side but also include client-side code for additional interactivity. Allowing you to add progressive enhancements to your component in one file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The components folder is where you keep your single file web components. These components are rendered server-side, but also include client-side code for additional interactivity. This allows you to add progressive enhancements to your component in one file.
```
